    codepen code
    https://codepen.io/sagun1151/pen/VwWgZXB?editors=1100
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML?-introduces meaning to the webpage 
    2. What is HTML used for? -a markup language/used as a blueprint for displaying info on the screen
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?-used to define characteristics of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?-a way to present the subject mater and once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes-a(anchor) and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?-title
    7. What is an id?-identifies the element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?-any 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?-once
    10. What is a class?- an attribute which specifies one or more class name for an element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?- any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?-no limit 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?-push
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?-adds text description 
    15. How do I reference an id?-href="#idName"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div-section means content is grouped, dive does not have a meaning
    17. What is CSS used for?-describing the presentation of web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page- elementName {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one- id is unique so it cam only be used on one element, id can be used to identafie select sections, class can be used for to describe something so when pulling it in css its easier to identify 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?-.className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?-p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?-element withing an element, parent is the main and the child is withing the parent, to call specfic 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?- div .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?- a selector that selects elemennts that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?-line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?-letter-spaceing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?-text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?-div{border: dotted 1px black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?*{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?-pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?-ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?-rm, cant type in the wrong thins, once its typed its done
    34. Why should I use version control?-keep track of changes also a backup 
    35. How often should I commit to github?-every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?-git push -u orgin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.- fork the git, copy the git, git clone, cd into the git, make a branch,start the code, git add, git commit, sit ppush, pull request, choose the repository as the base, make sure you ar compairing master or main the sumit the url for the pull request in canvas 